
In this week I have learnt more about python for this project.
Python File IO Basics:-
•	“r” -  r mode opens a file for read-only-default
•	“w” -  w mode opens a file for write
•	“x” - used to create a new file
•	“a” - add more content to file 
•	“t” - text mode-default 
•	“b” - binary mode
•	“r+” - for read and write 
Open(), Read() & Readline() For Reading File:-
How to open a file?
Python has a built-in open() function to open a file.
The syntax of the function is:
open("filename" ,"mode")

How to read a file?
To read a file in Python, there are various methods available,
•	We can read a whole file line by line using a for loop in combination with an iterator. This will be a fast and efficient way of reading data.
•	When opening a file for reading, Python needs to know exactly how the file should be opened. Two access modes are available reading (r), 
and reading in binary mode (rb). They have to be specified during opening a file with the built-in open() method.
	
f = open("myfile.txt", "r")

The read() method reads the whole file by default. We can also use the read(size) method where you can specify how many characters we want to return i.e.

 f.read(2); #Here, you will get the first two characters of the file.

It is always the best practice to close a file after you are done performing operations on it.
Python has a build-in close() function to close a file i.e;
f.close()

Seek(), tell() & More On Python Files:-

seek():-
When we open a file, the system points to the beginning of the file. Any read or write will happen from the start. To change the file object’s position, 
use seek(offset, whence) function.

tell():-
When we are working with python files, there are several ways to present the output of a program, it could be in human-readable form or binary form,
or we use read() function with specified sie to read some data.

 

Using With Block To Open Python Files:-
There is more than one way to open and close a file. We will see how we can use, with block to open and close a file, including syntax and benefits.
We will be using f as our file’s object.

how the with block works?

With open(“file_name.txt”) as f:

f being the object of the file. The important thing to note is, there is no close() function required. After running the code in the block, 
the file will automatically be closed.  

